add caveat for codespaces (#35)
crazy4pi314/scipy-vscode-tutorial: README.md

After a short while you should have a VS Code window in your browser with the repository open.

> This option gives you a fully fledged VS Code environment (some [limitations apply](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/codespaces#_known-limitations-and-adaptations)), and should work on laptops and tablets alike.

Author: ```suggestion
This option gives you a fully functional VS Code environment (with [some limitations](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/codespaces#_known-limitations-and-adaptations)), and should work on laptops and tablets alike.
```
